					=======STORY========

#1. As a player, I want to be identified, so that I can join the game
	A.C
		1.	Given I have the place to put a name
		  	When I put my name
		  	Then I will be identified by that name then after 

		2.	Given I have chance to put the name
			When I have put the name
			Then I can access the game

#2.	As a player, I want the board updates, so that I can know the current status of the game
	A.C  	
		1.	Given I have access to board
			When I entered into the game
			Then I can distinguish between safe-places, unsafe-places and destination

		2.	Given I have access to the game
			When I entered into the game
			Then I should know all the coins and their corresponding position

		3.	Given I am playing the game
			When any changes happen to the board
			Then I should know all the coins and their corresponding position

#3.	As a player, I want to roll the dice on my turn, so that I am able to play my turn 
	A.C
		1.	Given my neighbour has finished his/her turn 
			When I have chance to play 
			Then I should get access to dice and board

		2.	Given I have chance to play 
			When I roll the dice
			Then I get a value on which I know how many steps to move my coin

		3.	Given I have roll the dice
			When I get a value other than 6 on dice
			Then I should not get one more chance to roll the dice

		4.	Given I have roll the dice
			When I get a 6 on dice
			Then I get a one more chance to roll the dice

#4. As a player, I want to bring my coin into board, so that I can start playing
	A.C
		1.	Given I am playing my turn and the coin is off-board
		  	When I get a 6 on dice
		   	Then I can move my coin from off-board to my home position on the board

		2.	Given I am playing my turn and the coin is off-board
		  	When I get a value other than 6 on dice
		   	Then I can't move my coin from off-board to my home position on the board

#5.	As a player, I want to move the coins, so that I can lead the game
	A.C
		1.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin on board
			When I choose that coin and a valid position according to the dice value
			Then the coin should move to that position

		2.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin on board
			When I choose that coin and a invalid position according to the dice value
			Then the coin should not move to that position

		3.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin on board
			When the number of steps require to destination is lesser than dice value
			Then the coin should not move from that position

		4.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and two of my coins on board 
			When the number of steps from one coin to another coin in direction of movement 
				is equal to dice value and followed coin is in a position except home positions
			Then the follower coin can't move to that position

		5.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and two of my coins on board 
			When the number of steps from one coin to another coin in direction of movement 
				is equal to dice value and followed coin is in a home position
			Then the follower coin can be moved and accomodated in that position

#6. As a player, I want to capture my opponents coin, so that it is replaced with my coin on board
	A.C
		1.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin and opponents coin on board 
			When the number of steps from my coin to opponents coin in direction of movement 
				is equal to dice value and followed coin is in a position except home positions
			Then the opponents coin will be replaced with my coin at that position

		2.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin and opponents coin on board 
			When the number of steps from my coin to opponents coin in direction of movement 
				is equal to dice value and followed coin is in a home position
			Then the my coin will also be accomodated at that position

		3.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin and opponents coin on board 
			When I captured my opponents coin
			Then the opponents coin will be send back off board

		4.	Given number of steps (Dice value) and one of my coin and opponents coin on board 
			when I captured my opponents coin
			Then I should get an extra chance to roll the dice

#7.	As a player, I want to captur atleast one of my opponents coin, so that I can move to the inner loop
	A.C
		1.	Given I have captured one of my opponents coin and number of steps (Dice value)
			When required number of steps to move into inner loop is less than dice value
			Then the coin moves to a position in inner loop

		2.	Given I have not captured even one of my opponents coin and number of steps (Dice value)
			When required number of steps to move into inner loop is less than dice value
			Then the coin should not be allowed to enter inner loop and it moves to a position in outer loop

#8.	As a player, I want to move all my coins to destination, so that I can win the game
	A.C
		1.	Given I have three coins at destination 
			When I moved my fourth coin to destination
			Then I will win the game and game finishes

















